Add Apache Kafka Broker (#2740)
knative/docs: docs/install/any-kubernetes-cluster.md

1. Install a Broker (eventing) layer:

      <!-- This indentation is important for things to render properly. -->
   {{< tabs name="eventing_brokers" default="MT-Channel-based" >}}
   {{% tab name="Apache Kafka Broker" %}}
   {{< feature-state version="v0.17" state="alpha" >}}

> The following command installs the Apache Kafka broker, and runs event routing in a system namespace, 

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
The following command installs the Apache Kafka broker, and runs event routing in a system namespace,
```

`knative-eventing`, by default.

```bash
kubectl apply --filename {{< artifact org="knative-sandbox" repo="eventing-kafka-broker" file="eventing-kafka-broker.yaml" >}}
```

For more information, see the [Kafka Broker](./../eventing/broker/kafka-broker.md) documentation.

>    

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

1. Install a Broker (eventing) layer:

      <!-- This indentation is important for things to render properly. -->
   {{< tabs name="eventing_brokers" default="MT-Channel-based" >}}
   {{% tab name="Apache Kafka Broker" %}}
   {{< feature-state version="v0.17" state="alpha" >}}

> The following command installs the Apache Kafka broker, and runs event routing in a system namespace, 

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
The following command installs the Apache Kafka broker, and runs event routing in a system namespace,
```

`knative-eventing`, by default.

<!-- TODO Where does the config for populating the following live? -->
```bash
kubectl apply --filename {{< artifact org="knative-sandbox" repo="eventing-kafka-broker" file="eventing-kafka-broker.yaml" >}}
```

For more information, see the [Kafka Broker](./../eventing/broker/kafka-broker.md) documentation.

>    

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

1. Install a Broker (eventing) layer:

      <!-- This indentation is important for things to render properly. -->

>       

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

>       

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   {{< tabs name="eventing_brokers" default="MT-Channel-based" >}}

>    

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

>    

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   {{% tab name="Apache Kafka Broker" %}}
   {{< feature-state version="v0.17" state="alpha" >}}

>    

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

>    

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

The following command installs an implementation of Broker that utilizes

> Apache Kafka natively and runs event routing in a system namespace, 

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
Apache Kafka natively and runs event routing in a system namespace,
```

> Apache Kafka natively and runs event routing in a system namespace, 

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
Apache Kafka natively and runs event routing in a system namespace,
```

> The following command installs an implementation of Broker that utilizes
> Apache Kafka natively and runs event routing in a system namespace, 
> `knative-eventing` by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following command installs the Apache Kafka broker, and runs event routing in a system namespace, 
`knative-eventing`, by default.
```

> <!-- TODO Where does the config for populating the following live? -->

Reviewer 2: Does this command actually work? Not sure what this TODO means.

Author: Yes, it does, I forgot to remove it.

```bash
kubectl apply --filename {{< artifact org="knative-sandbox" repo="eventing-kafka-broker" file="eventing-kafka-broker.yaml" >}}
```

> For more information on how to configure it, see the doc: [Kafka Broker](./../eventing/broker/kafka-broker.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [Kafka Broker](./../eventing/broker/kafka-broker.md) documentation.
```

>    

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

>    

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```
